Welcome to the final week of
Managing Big Data with MySQL and Teradata.
You have done a terrific job working
through all the exercises that teach you
how to write SQL queries.
This week we are going to learn a couple
of additional tools that will make
it easier for you to write queries that
extract the specific data you want.
The first thing you are going to
learn is how to write subqueries.
Subqueries, also known as inner queries,
or nested queries, are a mechanism for
breaking up the operations in
an overall query into separate steps.
By doing this, subqueries help solve a lot
of problems we encounter with aggregation
functions and joins, and
sometimes provide us with more
elegant ways to represent
the logic behind our queries.
You'll see that the first trick to
subqueries is making sure you format
them so that it's easy to see which parts
of the query will be executed together.
The second trick is to write and interpret
the subquery starting with the innermost
query first, working your way out
step by step to the outermost query.
You will already know how
this works after completing
the first exercise of this week.
After that,
we will learn about a couple other logical
functions that you might want to use
in your analysis of business data.
Then in the last phase of
this week's assignments,
we're going to talk about how to translate
your analysis objectives into questions
that can be addressed through queries.
The first thing you need to do in order to
accomplish these objectives is figure out
the right questions to ask, and
come up with a plan about how you're going
to answer those questions efficiently.
Here's Elliot Cohen again,
producer at Dognition,
giving us his opinion about how important
this part of the analysis process is.
>> The most important thing that we found
is that you have to go into every test
with a question.
You need to have a hypothesis, and
you need to know exactly what
you're doing to test that.
Because if you're just going in and
looking,
either you're going to find things
that don't matter, which is useless.
Or you're not going to find
anything which is equally useless.
So find a testable
hypothesis before you go in,
is the only really
important thing I'd say.
>> We are going to talk about resources
you can use to design an analysis plan
based on specific hypotheses and
questions.
Then we're going to use
the analysis plan we've created for
our Dognition project to practice turning
business questions into SQL queries.
Many of the questions we will ask about
Dognition users would be similar to
the questions business analysts
at Box ask about their users.
Here's Ryan Lueke again.
>> Yes,
our business analysts use SQL to query
data that we have about how users use Box.
So both usage patterns, like,
how active are our users?
How many active 30 day users do we have or
7 day?
Or how many pieces of content
do they upload per week?
Or are they active mostly on weekdays or
weekends?
Based on their locale,
what sort of collaboration do they do?
How about the difference between how
users in our free tier operate versus
how users in our business or
enterprise class tiers operate?
>> You will address questions that
are very similar to these in the exercises
you will complete this week.
I think one of the hardest parts about
learning SQL is figuring out how to
translate the words you would
use to describe the analytical
results you know you want to achieve, into
actual SQL query language on a screen.
The best way to do that is
through practice writing
queries that are specifically
designed to help you analyze and
interpret the data you
have in front of you.
So you will start that practice using
queries related to our Dognition analysis
plan, which you will go
through step by step.
Then you will answer many similar
queries using the Dillard's data set.
In essence, we're going to practice,
practice, practice, and
then practice some more.
By the end, you will feel confident
claiming that you know how to write SQL
queries to create business value.
Let's jump in and start, shall we?